1 ora 4 question:
2 prolog
Lista e meta interpreter/predicates
2 aperte
Based on time
- Ltl poche cose
- Even calculs
- Allen
Represent something with Event calculus
Close vs open world
Described RETE algorith
Probabilistic logic semantic

Based on time
- Proposition logic, situation calculus -> event calculus
   tecnicamente parlando l'EC sarebbe un caso molto specifico di situation calculus;
- Allen's logic
- LTL è una Modal Logic. Le Modal logics sono una famiglia di logiche,
che hanno in comune la semantica basata sulla nozione di "mondi
accessibili" e CTL e LTL sono molto importanti perchè sono alla base 
delle tecniche di verifica formale dei sistemi (tipicamente, applicazioni 
mission critical e di safety.

-------
Sugli altri argomenti, le domande sono sempre molto generiche: 
- introdurre la DISTRIBUTION SEMANTIC e propongo un PROGRAMMA PROBABILISTICO 
  di due clausole in croce e chiedo di calcolare il risultato.
  Fornisco un esempio semplice e ancora chiedo di rappresentarlo tramite PLP.  
- Su FORWARD REASONING di solito chiedo di spiegare un po' l'algoritmo RETE, 
  che è parecchio importante e usato industrialmente.
- Sui BUSINESS PROCESS, tipo la differenza tra approcci procedurali e dichiarativi.

-------
A volte fornisco un piccolo piccolo problema, e chiedo di
rappresentarlo usando uno degli approcci. Ma si tratta di toy
examples: quando correggo non controllo la sintassi, ma piuttosto se è
stata compresa la filosofia sottostante alla specifica tecnica di
rappresentazione della conoscenza.


+ The candidate is invited to shortly introduce rule-based forward reasoning and 
the RETE algorithm.



+ ONTOLOGIES/CATEGORIES
Within the terminological approach towards the representation of 
concepts/categories and individuals/instances, the candidate is invited to 
illustrate the notions of
• Disjointness over a set S of categories (S = {c1, c2, …, cn}, where c1…cn are 
categories)
• Exhaustive Decomposition of a category c into a set S of categories
• Partition of a category c into a set of categories S
The candidate is invited to illustrate these notions through a simple example

+ Semantic Networks	
The candidate is invited to briefly introduce the notion of Semantic Networks, 
and to highlight some of the limits that were present in their original formulation.

+ CWA vs OWA
The candidate is invited to introduce the notions of close world assumption and 
open world assumption, and to briefly discuss how Prolog and Description Logics 
deal with these aspects. (x2)

+ Description Logics
The candidate is invited to briefly introduce the Description Logics, and in 
particular the principal operators of the ALC fragment (AND operator; ALL 
operator; [EXISTS 1 r] operator; concept complement (negation)).

The candidate is invited to briefly introduce the ALC Description Logics, 
mentioning the operators that are supported (negation, AND, ALL, EXISTS), and 
their meaning (possibly with a short example for each operator).

+ Temporal information
The candidate is invited to briefly introduce the three different approaches 
(presented in the course), to deal with the reasoning with temporal information.

+ Event Calculus Framework
The candidate is invited to describe the predicates/terminology used in the 
definition of the Event Calculus Framework

The candidate is invited to describe the predicates/terminology used in the 
definition of the Event Calculus Framework

The candidate is invited to introduce the terminology used in the Event Calculus 
Framework having care, in particular, of indicating the framework axioms.

